ITPIE End User License Agreement

This End User License Agreement (this "Agreement") is an agreement between the
end user (an individual using the Software (as defined below) or any legal
entity on whose behalf such individual is acting - hereinafter "You" or
"Licensee") and VAE d/b/a ITPIE (as such term is defined below).

IMPORTANT:  PLEASE READ CAREFULLY.  YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW)
IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT SET FORTH BELOW.  BY
CLICKING "I AGREE," AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS AGREEMENT ("ACCEPTANCE"), YOU AGREE
THAT YOU HAVE THE CAPACITY AND AUTHORITY TO BIND YOURSELF OR THE APPLICABLE
ENTITY (AS THE CASE MAY BE), TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND OTHER
RULES AS PROVIDED TO YOU BY ITPIE FROM TIME TO TIME.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE,
CLICK "I DO NOT AGREE."  BY REFUSING TO AGREE TO THE TERMS PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU
ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE UTILIZE THE MATERIALS
CONTAINED OR PROVIDED WITH THE SOFTWARE.

License

1.  Under this Agreement, ITPIE (the "Vendor") grants to the Licensee  a
personal, royalty-bearing, nonexclusive and nontransferable license for the
term (as set forth in Section 17)  to use for internal business purposes
("License") an object code version of the Information Technology Programmable
Proprioceptive Integration Engine ("ITPIE") including but not limited to the
Engineering Suite, the Operations Suite and related components or derivatives
of the ITPIEproduct and any related printed, electronic and online
documentation and any other materials, file or data that may accompany the
product (collectively, the "Software").

2.  Title, copyright, intellectual property rights and distribution rights of
the Software remain exclusively with the Vendor.  For the avoidance of doubt,
Vendor owns all right, title and interest in the Software and all related
materials, including documentation.  This Agreement constitutes a license for
Licensee's use only and is not in any way a transfer of ownership rights to the
Software.

3.  The rights and obligations of this Agreement are rights granted to the
Licensee only. The Licensee may not transfer, lease or assign any of the rights
or obligations granted under this Agreement to any other person or legal
entity. The Licensee may not make available the Software for use by one or more
third parties, except to the extent such third party access to the Software via
a Vendor-created application programming Interface ("API").  Any attempt by
Licensee to transfer or assign Licensee's password, or other Site
identification to another party without the express written consent of Vendor,
is void and will result in immediate termination of this Agreement.  Vendor
reserves its right to pursue any and all other remedies available to it in law
or in equity in the event of this violation, or any other violation of this
Agreement.  Licensee agrees to not copy, modify, make derivatives, transcribe,
store, perform or otherwise distribute in whole or in part, any of the Software
except as expressly permitted under this Agreement or upon express written
consent from Vendor.  This Agreement pertains only to Licensee's use of
Licensee's copy of the Software that is either installed on Licensee's computer
or on a server accessible by Licensee.  Licensee agrees that to the extent
Licensee is permitted to reproduce any materials accompanying the Software,
Licensee shall promptly place any and all copyright and trademark and other
intellectual property notices as identified to Licensee by Vendor in its
discretion on all copies.  The Software also contains open source materials,
Licensee agrees to mark and comply with any open source license requirements
accompanying the Software.

4.  The Software may not be modified, reverse engineered, or decompiled in any
manner through current or future available technologies.

5.  Failure to comply with any of the terms under the License section will be
considered a material breach of this Agreement.

6.  Licensee agrees to not knowingly use or permit the use of Software in
violation of any U.S. Federal, state, or local laws or regulations or any
foreign law or regulation, including laws regarding intellectual property
rights.  Licensee agrees to not use the Software in ways that infringe the
rights of others, or interfere with other Users of the Site.

License Fee

7.  The Fee paid by the Licensee is stated in the the associated purchase
contract between the Vendor and the Licensee for sale of the Software.  This
fee  will constitute the entire license fee and is the full consideration for
this Agreement.

Ownership

8.  The Software is protected or protectable under international copyright,
trademark, and trade secret and patent laws.  The Software therein or thereto,
shall at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of Vendor and its
affiliates and licensors.  All rights in and to the Software not explicitly
granted to Licensee under this Agreement are expressly reserved by and to
Vendor, its affiliates and licensors, and Licensee shall not exercise any
rights in or the Software, except as explicitly permitted in this Agreement.

Confidentiality

9.  Proprietary Information.  Licensee will hold Vendor's Software in strict
confidence and to take all reasonable precautions to protect Vendor's Software
as Licensee protects Licensee's own proprietary information, but no less than a
reasonable standard of care.  Licensee further agrees not to disclose the
Software to any third Party, except as expressly permitted in accordance with
this Agreement.  Licensee shall use the Software solely for exercising
Licensee's rights in accordance with this Agreement and in no other manner. The
Software may be disclosed to Licensee's other employees on a need to know
basis, provided such employees are bound by written confidentiality obligations
and that Licensee bear full responsibility and liability for any breach of
confidentiality by said employees. Licensee shall promptly notify Vendor if
Licensee becomes aware of any breach of these confidentiality obligations.

10. Remedies.  Licensee acknowledges that the unauthorized disclosure of the
Software or breach of Vendor's intellectual property rights would cause
irreparable harm and significant injury to Vendor, its licensors and
affiliates, which would be difficult to ascertain.  Accordingly, Licensee
agrees that Vendor, its licensors and affiliates shall be entitled to equitable
relief, including injunctive relief, without the posting of any bond, in
addition to all other remedies provided under this Agreement or available at
law. Furthermore, Licensee shall indemnify Vendor, its licensors and Affiliates
against any loss and expense arising due to such unauthorized disclosure of
Vendor's Proprietary Information or breach of Vendor's Intellectual Property
Rights.

Limitation of Liability

11. The Software is provided by the Vendor and accepted by the Licensee "AS
IS". Vendor's entire liability under this Agreement shall not shall exceed the
Fee as set forth in Schedule 1, attached hereto.  The Vendor will not be liable
for any general, special, incidental or consequential damages including, but
not limited to, loss of production, loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss of
data, or any other business or economic disadvantage suffered by the Licensee
arising out of the use or failure to use the Software.

12. THE VENDOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SOFTWARE,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

13. The Vendor does not warrant that use of the Software will be uninterrupted
or error free.  The Licensee accepts that the Software in general is prone to
bugs and flaws within an acceptable level as determined in the industry.

Indemnity

14. Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold Vendor and Vendor's employees,
officers, directors, stockholders and affiliates, harmless from all costs,
expenses (including attorney's fees), losses, liabilities, damages, and
settlements that Licensee, or another user permitted by Licensee may incur as a
result of any claim or suit brought by any third party based upon Licensee's
breach of this Agreement.  The indemnification obligation contained in this
section shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

Term

15. The term of this Agreement will begin on Acceptance and will continue for a
period of one year, or as otherwise stated in the Vendor's contract with the
Licensee for sale of the Software. At the end of the term of this Agreement the
Licensee must destroy all copies of the Software in their possession.

Termination

16. This Agreement is effective from the date of Acceptance by Licensee and
will be terminated and the License forfeited without notice from Vendor where
the Licensee has failed to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement or is
in breach of this Agreement. On termination or expiration of this Agreement for
any reason, the Licensee will immediately cease any and all use of the
Software, and destroy the Software or return the Software to the Vendor and
certify to Vendor compliance with the provisions of the same within fourteen
(14) days of such termination.

Force Majeure

17. The Vendor will be free of liability to the Licensee where the Vendor is
prevented from executing its obligations under this Agreement in whole or in
part due to Force Majeure, such as an earthquake, typhoon, flood, fire, and war
or any other unforeseen and uncontrollable event where the Vendor has taken any
and all appropriate action to mitigate such an event.

Export Control

18. Export Control Laws.  Licensee acknowledges that the Software and any use
thereof may be subject to applicable U.S. export control and trade laws and
regulations ("Export Control Laws"). Licensee will not use, convey, export, or
re-export, either directly or indirectly, the Software (or any part thereof) by
any way or to any destination restricted or prohibited by Export Control Laws,
without first obtaining any and all necessary licenses from the government of
the United States or any other applicable country that imposes Export Control
Laws.

19. Prohibited Persons.  Licensee represents and undertakes that Licensee is
not an individual or an entity who is: (i) located in, under the control of, or
a national or resident of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Lebanon or Sudan; or
(ii) listed under the United States Treasury Department's Office of Foreign
Asset Control list of "specially designated nationals and blocked persons," the
United States Commerce Department's "denied parties list", the United States
Commerce Department's "BIS Entity List" or such other applicable lists.
Licensee also represents that Licensee shall not provide courses to any Person
which falls within (i) or (ii) above.

Governing Law

20. The Parties to this Agreement submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of the state and federal courts located in and around of the Commonwealth
of Virginia for the enforcement of this Agreement or any arbitration award or
decision arising from this Agreement.  This Agreement will be enforced or
construed according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.  TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY AND ALL RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT,
PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT

Assignment

21. Licensee may not assign Licensee's rights or obligations under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of Vendor.

Miscellaneous

22. This Agreement can only be modified in writing signed by both the Vendor
and the Licensee.

23. This Agreement does not create or imply any relationship in agency or
partnership between the Vendor and the Licensee.

24. Headings are inserted for the convenience of the parties only and are not
to be considered when interpreting this Agreement. Words in the singular mean
and include the plural and vice versa. Words in the masculine gender include
the feminine gender and vice versa. Words in the neuter gender include the
masculine gender and the feminine gender and vice versa.

25. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement is held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, it is
the parties' intent that such provision be reduced in scope by the court only
to the extent deemed necessary by that court to render the provision reasonable
and enforceable and the remainder of the provisions of this Agreement will in
no way be affected, impaired or invalidated as a result.

26. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties. All
understandings have been included in this Agreement. Representations which may
have been made by any party to this Agreement may in some way be inconsistent
with this final written Agreement. All such statements are declared to be of no
value in this Agreement. Only the written terms of this Agreement will bind the
parties.

27. This Agreement and the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement
apply to and are binding upon the Vendor's successors and assigns.

Notices

28. All notices to the Vendor under this Agreement are to be provided at the
following address:

VAE
5501 Backlick Rd Suite 300
Springfield, Virginia 22151

LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGE BY CLICKING "I AGREE" OR BY ACCESSING THE SOFTWARE THAT
LICENSEE HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ITS
TERMS.  LICENSEE FURTHER AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES ANY PREVIOUS
LICENSE, AGREEMENT, OR PROPOSAL, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, AND ANY OTHER
COMMUNICATIONS RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.